gh-138890: Add clearer message when deleting builtins with `del` (#139078)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-09-18-01-13-22.gh-issue-138890.x2QKfy.rst

> Deleting builtin names with ``del`` now gives a clearer error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting built-in names with :keyword:`del` now gives a clearer error message.
```
